chore: release notes dec-01 (#490)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/release-notes/release-notes.mdx

Azion CLI integrated with [Vulcan](https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan), a dev tool for building, running locally, and deploying static javascript-based frameworks, such as: 

- Next
- React
- Vue
- Angular
- Astro
- Hexo
- Vite

#### Updates

**Vulcan version update to 2.1.0**

New version update to Vulcan.

**Login and Logout** 

Adds login and logout commands. For detailed information run:

```bash
azion login -h
azion logout -h
```

**Granular commands** 

Adds granular management of the following products and features:

- Edge Applications
- Edge Functions
- Origins
- Domains
- Rules Engine
- Cache Settings
- Personal Tokens

Usage of the new commands is described in the [Azion CLI documentation](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/) or via the `azion -h` command.

:::note
See the full list of minor changes and updates in the [Azion CLI Github repository](https://github.com/aziontech/azion/releases).
:::

### Edge Functions

#### Updates

**Node.js APIs in Edge Functions**

Adds compatibility with Node.js [async_hooks](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html): 

- [AsyncLocalStorage](https://nodejs.org/api/async_context.html#class-asynclocalstorage)

> - [AsyncResource](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html#class-asyncresource).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AsyncResource](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html#class-asyncresource)
```

### Real-Time Events GraphQL API

#### Updates

**New Activity History fields**

Eight new fields are available to query on the Activity History dataset:

- `refererHeader`
- `remotePort`
- `resourceId`
- `resourceType`
- `requestData`
- `userAgent`
- `userId`
- `userIp`

> See more details on the [Real-Time Events GraphQL API Fields reference documentation](/en/documentation/products/graphql-api/features/events-fields/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See more details on the [Real-Time Events GraphQL API Fields reference documentation](/en/documentation/products/graphql-api/features/events-fields/).

### Real-Time Metrics

#### Updates

**General Availability Release Stage**

Real-Time Metrics is now available in General Availability and can be used according to Azion [Terms of Services](/en/documentation/agreements/tos/#1-products-and-services).

See the [Real-Time Metrics](/en/documentation/products/real-time-metrics/) documentation for more information.
```

- Next
- React
- Vue
- Angular
- Astro
- Hexo
- Vite

#### Updates

**Login and Logout** 

Adds login and logout commands. For detailed information run:

```bash
azion login -h
azion logout -h
```

**Management commands** 

Adds management commands for the following products and features:

- Edge Applications
- Edge Functions
- Origins
- Domains
- Rules Engine
- Cache Settings
- Personal Tokens

Usage of the new commands is described in the [Azion CLI documentation](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/) or via the `azion -h` command.

:::note
See the full list of minor changes and updates in the [Azion CLI Github repository](https://github.com/aziontech/azion/releases).
:::

### Edge Functions

#### Updates

**Node.js APIs in Edge Functions**

Adds compatibility with Node.js [async_hooks](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html): 

- [AsyncLocalStorage](https://nodejs.org/api/async_context.html#class-asynclocalstorage)
- [AsyncResource](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html#class-asyncresource)

### Real-Time Events GraphQL API

#### Updates

**New Activity History fields**

Eight new fields are available to query on the Activity History dataset:

> - `refererHeader`
> - `remotePort`
> - `resourceId`
> - `resourceType`
> - `requestData`
> - `userAgent`
> - `userId`
> - `userIp`

Author: ```suggestion
- `accountId`  
- `authorEmail`  
- `authorName`  
- `comment`  
- `refererHeader`  
- `remotePort`  
- `resourceId`  
- `resourceType`  
- `requestData`  
- `title`  
- `ts`  
- `type`  
- `userAgent`  
- `userId`  
- `userIp`
```

> See more details on the [Real-Time Events GraphQL API Fields reference documentation](/en/documentation/products/graphql-api/features/events-fields/).

Author: ```suggestion
See more details on the [Real-Time Events GraphQL API Datasets reference documentation](https://www.azion.com/en/documentation/products/graphql-api-features/#datasets).
```

meta_tags: release notes, rtm, api, cli, changelog
namespace: docs_release_notes
permalink: /documentation/products/release-notes/
---
import Badge from '~/components/Badge.astro'
import Button from '~/components/Button.astro'

## December 1, 2023

**Faster propagation times**

Increases the speed of the execution and load times when creating, updating, and deleting instances in **Edge Application**, **Edge Firewall**, and **WAF**. This optimization was implemented to shorten the propagation time of changes made on the edge, allowing users to get the latest version of applications in a shorter span of time.

### Edge Application

#### Updates

**Increased Digital Certificates API Rate-Limit**

Avoids request throttling when uploading multiple certificates within a short span of time.

**New fields in Digital Certificates API**

- `azion_information` shows details from the Azion certificate management tool for Let's Encrypt certificates.
- `is_waiting_domain` indicates if the certificate is waiting for the domain's DNS configuration.

### Edge Firewall

#### Bug fixes

> - Adding invalid IPv4 and IPv6 formats to **Network Lists** no longer invalidates the network list.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed minor bugs in **Network Lists**.
```

### Azion CLI

**Version 1.1** 

New version of the Azion CLI integrated with [Vulcan](https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan), a dev tool for building, running locally, and deploying static javascript-based frameworks, such as: 

- Next
- React
- Vue
- Angular
- Astro
- Hexo
- Vite

#### Updates

> **Vulcan version update to 2.1.0**
> 
> New version update to Vulcan.

Author: Removido
```suggestion
```

**Login and Logout** 

Adds login and logout commands. For detailed information run:

```bash
azion login -h
azion logout -h
```

> **Granular commands** 
> 
> Adds granular management of the following products and features:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Management commands** 

Adds management commands for the following products and features:
```

- Edge Applications
- Edge Functions
- Origins
- Domains
- Rules Engine
- Cache Settings
- Personal Tokens

Usage of the new commands is described in the [Azion CLI documentation](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/) or via the `azion -h` command.

:::note
See the full list of minor changes and updates in the [Azion CLI Github repository](https://github.com/aziontech/azion/releases).
:::

### Edge Functions

#### Updates

**Node.js APIs in Edge Functions**

Adds compatibility with Node.js [async_hooks](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html): 

- [AsyncLocalStorage](https://nodejs.org/api/async_context.html#class-asynclocalstorage)
- [AsyncResource](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html#class-asyncresource)

### Real-Time Events GraphQL API

#### Updates

**New Activity History fields**

> Eight new fields are available to query on the Activity History dataset:

Reviewer 3: Todo o dataset de activity history é novidade. Não tinhamos isso lançado ainda no graphQL.

> Eight new fields are available to query on the Activity History dataset:

Reviewer 2: @gabrielnes-azion ficou combinado para esse release notes pegar updates da metade de outubro para o final. o dataset entrou em setembro (https://github.com/aziontech/beholder/pull/324) e os 8 novos campos 1 de novembro (https://github.com/aziontech/beholder/pull/339)

### Edge Application

#### Updates

**Increased Digital Certificates API Rate-Limit**

Avoids request throttling when uploading multiple certificates within a short span of time.

**New fields in Digital Certificates API**

- `azion_information` shows details from the Azion certificate management tool for Let's Encrypt certificates.
- `is_waiting_domain` indicates if the certificate is waiting for the domain's DNS configuration.

### Edge Firewall

#### Bug fixes

- Adding invalid IPv4 and IPv6 formats to **Network Lists** no longer invalidates the network list.

### Azion CLI

#### Updates

**Login and Logout** 

Adds login and logout commands.

**Granular commands** 

Adds granular management of:

- Edge Applications
- Edge Functions
- Origins
- Domains
- Rules Engine
- Cache Settings
- Personal Tokens

**Version 1.1** 

Azion CLI integrated with [Vulcan](https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan), a dev tool for building, running locally, and deploying static javascript-based frameworks, such as: 

- Next
- React
- Vue
- Angular
- Astro
- Hexo
- Vite 

### Edge Functions

#### Updates

**Node.js APIs in Edge Functions**

> Adds compatibility with Node.js [async_hooks](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html): [AsyncLocalStorage](https://nodejs.org/api/async_context.html#class-asynclocalstorage) and [AsyncResource](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html#class-asyncresource).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adds compatibility with Node.js [async_hooks](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html): [AsyncLocalStorage](https://nodejs.org/api/async_context.html#class-asynclocalstorage) and [AsyncResource](https://nodejs.org/api/async_hooks.html#class-asyncresource).

### Real-Time Events GraphQL API

#### Updates

**New Activity History fields**

Eight new fields are available to query on the Activity History dataset:

- `refererHeader`
- `remotePort`
- `resourceId`
- `resourceType`
- `requestData`
- `userAgent`
- `userId`
- `userIp`
```
